- Bento Buddy -

In compliance with a legal order we have disabled all of the in-world vendors that offer Bento Buddy and our Clothing Edition.

This is not something as serious as it sounds, it's merely established common belief not catching up to precedent.  But, while we wait for that long propagation to take place, we'll need to bring our content into compliance as it is seen by those that we respect and value.

As a result all of Bento Buddy's vendors, as well as our CE version, have been effectively disabled.  Any status offerings, such as those provided by instructors, will find the items missing as a quick solution to effect this change.  We will issue a new updated product that is in compliance once the required changes have been affected.  Your use of our Bento Buddy, and CE, will not be effected by this incident and you are free to continue utilizing this tool without restrictions.

Existing Bento Buddy members will notice that there are no versions available on their landing page any longer.  New members will discover the same empty area, even though they were able to register.

This is temporary while the back-end services and parts of Bento Buddy are reprogrammed and we issue a compatible license.  At that point we will re-enable our vendors with a clear and conspicuous change that proves compliance well enough that we can be confident in reestablishing our offering of this incredible tool.

However, offering Bento Buddy on the Second Life(r) Marketplace has become a full time job recently and we will no longer be making it available under these confusing and restrictive conditions.  The only real benefit to our MP offering was to garner attention for our product and I think we've done that fabulously and no longer need that venue for this particular purpose.  You will be able to obtain Bento Buddy in-world or on gumroad.

--

The popularity of Bento Buddy has exploded and we expected this type of attention but it won't be the last time we visit something similar.  We are a law abiding group, we don't perform any "back handed" actions to promote our image and we have full intention to be in compliance with every Terms of Service, License Agreements and any and all contractual obligations.

Moving forward we stand alone without piggy backing those that came before us, with a growing and friendly community that knows the value of care and cooperation.
